Add new Cheat option: Automatic ride pricing (#9601)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: data/language/en-GB.txt

STR_6326    :Can't simulate {POP16}{POP16}{POP16}{STRINGID}...
STR_6327    :Transparent background for giant screenshots
STR_6328    :{SMALLFONT}{BLACK}With this option enabled, giant screenshots will have a transparent background instead of the default black colour.
STR_6329    :Automatic ride pricing

> STR_6330    :{SMALLFONT}{BLACK}Rides will have their admission price automatically set and updated as time progresses to just a bit lower then "overpriced".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STR_6330    :{SMALLFONT}{BLACK}Rides will have their admission price automatically set to the maximum amount guests are willing to pay. The price will be kept up-to-date as the ride gets older.
```
